>> Steve Kinney: So we've got it wired up
in that case, and we can do it also for
NewItem.
If you recall, NewItem was getting
a method passed into it as well,
that we don't need to do anymore.
So let's go into that one as well.
>> Steve Kinney: So here, we're going
to take in the onSubmit from this.props
that we're receiving from application.
But we don't need to do that anymore,
right?
We can receive that from the actions.
>> Steve Kinney: Actions,
just verify that I called it addItem.
Cool, so now addItem,
really just needs the value,
cuz we're doing the rest of it in there.
So we can get rid of this that was
passed in from the outside world.
And we can change this with
>> Steve Kinney: AddItem value, right?
We're getting that
directly from the store,
we don't need to necessarily
do that in this case.
For the application itself,
it does make sense, because we are
splitting it between the two item lists.
It is like a rational place to do it.
There is a refactoring that we might try
to do tomorrow morning where we could
break that out a little more.
But let's start with
the simplest possible thing,
which is to register that with
the store to get the state.
And then we should have the basics up and
running at this point.
So we go to application and
we don't need this default state anymore,
so get rid of that.
Deleting code is the best.
We know that the new item can
handle adding items itself.
We know that the individual
item can handle that.
MarkAsPacked which is we call title item,
that we don't need to do anymore.
This markAsUnpacked is responsibility
of the application component cuz
it has all of the items from
both lists in this case.
So we know that we need that here,
unless we broke that out into it's
own component, cuz we can do that.
We can bring in the store there,
we could parse in all the items,
just lke component.
We have a lot more flexibility
with how we break stuff apart,
without having to worry about parsing
everything down all the time.
Let's just make this a no op for
a little bit, because we aren't actually
gonna set the state here anymore.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and so
we'll just say the defaultState
is gonna be itemStore.getItems.
And what we'll do is we will say,
onComponentDidMount.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, I was like,
where's my auto complete?
[LAUGH] onComponentDidMount, we will,
>> Steve Kinney: Whenever it changes
>> Steve Kinney: Update.
Nope.
>> Steve Kinney: UpdateItems and
we don't have that method yet.
And then,
>> Steve Kinney: ComponentWillUnmount,
we'll take it off.
>> Steve Kinney: And
what we'll do is we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: UpdateItems
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll say this.setState
>> Steve Kinney: and
the items will be ItemStore.getItems.
>> Steve Kinney: Alright, and so
we don't need this in the state anymore.
We do need that one, we have this.
What we don't want is, this now can handle
itself, it doesn't need to be parsed in.
This now can handle itself,
it doesn't need to be parsed in.
Same
>> Steve Kinney: Let's see what we got.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's go pack some
cheese.
>> Steve Kinney: Check that one out in
a second, see the other ones, all right so
>> Steve Kinney: It's fun.
All right, so we're
getting an updateItem.
We're getting them in the store.
>> Steve Kinney: OnComponentDidMount.
I'm a little worried about,
cuz just componentDidMount.
>> Steve Kinney: When
auto complete doesn't work,
it's probably your fault.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, we can remove one.
We can add one.
We can check them off, back and forth.
We've now separated our state management
from the component hierarchy.
We can give each component what it needs.
Tomorrow morning,
we're gonna look a little bit about
a tiny re-factor that we can do.
And then we'll talk about
other ways to do this.
Cuz there's a lot to be desired,
even from the flux pattern, right?
We have stuff in closures and
we're still pulling it in module state.
Whenever you're doing that it becomes
a little bit harder to test than if it's
simple, things come in,
things go out, right?
And so we'll look at a way to just
have a very simple pattern of
pure functions where the state of
the world, and an action go in,
a new state of the world comes out.
We're not necessarily always
modifying by hand in a closure scope.
All right, so kinda look at that.
What happens if we have multiple stores?
Flux has ways of waiting for one store to
do its thing before doing the other one,
but it's not optimal, right?
So we'll look at some
options beyond just flux for
managing state outside of
the component hierarchy.
But we today managed to
accomplish pulling that off.
Beginning with suffering from
passing stuff down and again,
in a relatively small application
still feeling the pain a little bit.
Figuring out some patterns that give
us flexibility to swap out different
approaches.
And then pulling our state management
outside of the component hierarchy.
All right, so
we accomplished all those things today,
which I think is pretty good.